Added seeds and leaf litter to the common items in the Hunger wildcard.
Random lives rolling can no longer say "1 lives" when that amount is allowed with the config.
Players no longer sometimes keep zombie hearts.

----------

All toLowerCase and toUpperCase calls now have a Locale, to prevent issues in different languages.
Added the 'tick_freeze_not_in_session' global config, which automatically freezes the game when the session is paused or ended or not started. Default value is false.
Session timers now display even when the game is tick frozen.

----------

You can no longer make one person the boogeyman twice by using the add command.
Snails no longer crash the game when the player they are tracking logs off.
Snails no longer sometimes fail to spawn for new players.
Items from trivia bots can no longer be picked up by hoppers.

----------

Completely rewrote snail pathfinding, leading to massive improvements.
Snails should no longer randomly stop moving on the edges of blocks.
Snail mining and flying navigation no longer sometimes stops working.
Reduced lag caused by snails by around 10x

----------

The Entity Culling mod is now compatible with the animal disguise superpower in 1.21.2+
Fixed bugs regarding the boogeyman steal life config.

----------

Added the '/boogeyman reset ⟨players⟩' command, which resets the Boogeyman fail/cure status. It does not automatically revert any punishments / rewards.
Vanilla commands can now change the config. (For example changing the keep inv/show advancements / locator bar gamerule, or changing the worldborder size will change the config value)

----------

Added the 'wildcard_superpowers_zombies_health' Wild Life config. Default value is 8.
Added the 'wildcard_hunger_non_edible_items' Wild Life config - It's an item list, so the same format as the item blacklist for example.

----------

Renamed '/superpower assignForRandomization' to '/superpower force'
Added the '/soulmate force ⟨player⟩ ⟨soulmate⟩' command, which forces two players to be rolled together when the soulmate randomization happens.
Added the '/soulmate prevent ⟨player⟩ ⟨soulmate⟩' command, which prevents two players from being rolled together when the soulmate randomization happens.
Both of the commands don't keep that info once you close the server.

----------

You can now add loot tables for different task types in Secret Life.
Added the 'soulmates_pvp_allowed' Double Life config. Default value is true.

----------

Added the 'blacklist_recipes' global config - It's an item list, so the same format as the item blacklist for example. All blacklisted items still have disabled recipes, this is only if you want non-blacklisted items but without recipes.
Added the Simple Life world preset, which is a flat world in all dimensions without slime spawning in the overworld.

----------

Join and leave messages are no longer doubled when the mod is disabled.
If a player is the Boogeyman and there are no more non-reds in the game, they can now be cured by killing a red.
Being outside the border no longer gives you one tick of damage before teleporting you.

----------

You can now change players' lives (including offline players) with the life series config.

----------

You can now modify which teams can justifiably kill players with specific lives.
You can now modify which teams gain lives for killing players with specific lives.
Added the team config to the config screen, where you can modify all the different teams, their name, color, life boundary, can kill boundary and gain life boundary.
Removed the unnecessary 'killing_dark_greens_gains_lives' config from Wild Life.
'broadcast_life_gain' is now a global config.

----------

The givelife command, and it's related configs are now available in Limited Life - you gift the amount of time you would lose for dying.
Fixed a crash in Limited Life.

----------

Pet kills now count towards kill scoreboards for the pet owner.
Added the 'tasks_need_confirmation' Secret Life config, which makes it so that admins need to confirm when someone is succeeding a task. Default value is false.

----------

Items from trivia and secret life can no longer be burned (an addition to the fact that they cannot be picked up by hoppers to prevent people stealing / destroying them).
Renamed '/superpower setRandom' to '/superpower randomize'.
Renamed '/soulmate rollRandom' to '/soulmate randomize'.
Renamed '/task assignRandom' to '/task randomize'.
Renamed '/boogeyman chooseRandom' to '/boogeyman randomize'.
Renamed '/task clearTask' to '/task clear'.

----------

Randomizing superpowers while some are pre-assigned now gives more randomized results.
'/superpower randomize' now has an optional '⟨player/s⟩' argument.

----------

You can now access the following information through vanilla:
Boogeyman players - tag
Secret Society members - tag
Active Wildcards - scoreboard
Active Player Superpowers - scoreboard
Player Task Difficulties - scoreboard
Session info - scoreboard

More info is available in the wiki.

----------

You can now access and modify custom events in the mod.

More info is available in the wiki.

----------

The Lives Manager in the config now properly updates when a player dies / is brought back.
The config is now disabled when the season is not selected instead of glitching out.
'show_time_below_name' no longer needs a reload to work.
The givelife command can no longer cause you to die in Limited Life.
Other bug fixes.