You can no longer get new tasks when the session is finished when having red tasks or when the constant tasks config is turned on.<br>
You can no longer self fail as the boogeyman if you've already failed or been cured.<br>
Other bug fixes.

----------

Added the 'boogeyman_team_notice' global config, which shares who the other boogeymen are if you're a boogeyman.<br>
Added the 'boogeyman_kills_needed' global config, which controls how many kills you need to cure yourself as the boogeyman.<br>
Added the 'lives_system_disabled' global config, which fully disables the lives system, allowing for a custom implementation. Note that this disables literally everything. The lives command, default lives, dying removing a life all do not work for example.

----------

Snails now have the trivia layer always displayed.<br>
Animal disguise now spawns two of the random animals in the finale when activating it.<br>
Added the '/wildcard finale' command, which makes the wildcards act like they do in the finale (or during Callback). This resets once the session ends.

----------

The end of the transcript now contains a summary of how many kills and deaths each player had.<br>
Added the 'wildcard_callback_nerfed_wildcards' Wild Life config. Default value is true.<br>
Added the ${red} identifier to Secret Life tasks. Works similarly to ${green} and ${yellow}

----------

Moved '/secretlife changeLocations' to '/task changeLocations'<br>
Right-clicking on Trivia Bots now properly consumes right clicks.<br>
Trivia bots can no longer give blacklisted effects.

----------

The Invisibility superpower now works properly again in 1.21.9+<br>
Simple Life wandering traders now disappear when changing the season.<br>
Simple Life wandering traders now only spawn if the session is on.<br>
Running '/lifeseries disable' now additionally sets the season to unassigned.

----------

Editing config values that require a server reload now automatically reloads instead of just telling you to do so.<br>
Removed the snail texture info screen, replaced with a wiki link.

----------

Added the '/lifeseries wiki' and '/lifeseries help' commands, which both link you to the Life Series mod wiki.

----------

Fixed some death titles in Limited Life not showing correctly.<br>
The Hunger wildcard now has a chance to play a sound effect when food is eaten.<br>
Added the 'wildcard_hunger_sound_chance' Wild Life config, default value is 0.01 (1%).<br>
Added the 'wildcard_snails_effects' Wild Life config, which controls whether snails can have potion effects. Default value is false.

----------

Claimkills now count towards player kill scoreboards.<br>
Added the 'boogeyman_steal_life' global config, which makes boogeymen gain a life when they are cured. Default value is false.<br>
Added the 'show_time_below_name' Limited Life config. Default value is false.

----------

Fixed an issue where sometimes vanilla clients could not join the server because of registry issues.