Bug Fixes

- Minimal armor pack changes:
  - Added support for 1.21.9 (copper armor)
  - Fixed armor trims not working properly on minimal armor in 1.21.2+.
  - Added the two missing armor trims (flow and bolt) for minimal armor.

----------

Removed all dependencies from the mod (Polymer and BIL, which were used for rendering custom entities - snail and trivia bot), which will allow me to control their rendering more, and it will speed up development time, allow me to update to newer versions (and snapshots!) faster.<br>
Custom rendering for the snail and trivia bot - this should fix ALL bugs with snails / bots being invisible sometimes.<br>
The trivia bot quiz screen now shows the trivia entity in 1.21.6+.<br>
Adding snail skins no longer requires a full reload (no more reloading screen on the client yipiiee).

----------

Sub-ins now have the snail skin of the player they are subbing in.<br>
When a player stops subbing in for another player, their lives now return to what they were before.<br>
You can no longer sit on snails and trivia bots with the superpunch power.<br>
Bug fixes.

----------

Reviewed most snail and trivia bot code - snails should hopefully no longer sometimes freeze.<br>
Added the zombie snail skin for dead players (for necromancy).<br>
Bug fixes.

----------

You no longer sometimes fail to receive server-side config.<br>
Opening the config screen no longer has a delay.<br>
The trivia bot time now works properly when the game is running at a different tick rate, or when it is paused.<br>
Bug fixes.

----------

Added copper helmets to the default item blacklist in 1.21.9+<br>
Group config entries now show when child entries have errors.<br>
Players joining late now receive some packets they did not before.

----------

The astral projection power now works in other dimensions than the overworld.<br>
You can no longer keep riding players with the super punch power if they go into spectator mode.

----------

You can no longer die from failing the Secret Society as a red name in Limited Life.<br>
Fixed a UV mapping overlap in the trivia bot texture, which caused one pixel of the bot's head to appear to have a green pixel.<br>
Using a normal elytra now works properly when you have the flight superpower enabled.