Added the /trivia command. [Read more](/commands/detailed/trivia)
- /trivia punishment set/clear
- /trivia bot spawnFor
- /trivia assign

----------

Added the `/wildcard effect dots/makeItWild` command. [Read more](/commands/detailed/wildcard#wildcard-effect)
Added the `/gift reset` command command. [Read more](/commands/detailed/gift#gift-reset)

----------

Refactored available commands code and fixed a wrap line renderer bug.
Reloading the game while the world border is shrinking/expanding no longer finishes it instantly.
Fixed an issue with empty tasks in Secret Life.

----------

Disabling the lives manager will no longer keep setting players to their lives teams.
Red lives in secret life no longer get more tasks after the session ends.

----------

Added the `/envcolor` command which allows for setting the sky/cloud/fog color to any RGB color.
Usage `/envcolor fog/sky/cloud set/add/reset ⟨red⟩ ⟨green⟩ ⟨blue⟩`.

----------

## **Added Nice Life**:
### Snow Stuff
Snow layers accumulate infinitely.
Snow and ice now generates in all biomes at all times when the session is on.
Rain now renders as snow in all biomes.
Less obtrusive snowfall texture.
Snow now accumulates everywhere in layers, rather than randomly.
Snow can replace grass and flowers.

### Day-night
The day-night cycle now pauses at midnight.
You cannot skip the night until all players sleep at midnight.
You cannot get out of bed after all players go to sleep.

### Trivia
The santa bot spawns once all players go to sleep.
They spawn at most 6 blocks away from the bed at the nearest air block above 20 blocks from that position.
New trivia quiz screen.
If you answer a question correctly, you will get item rewards and get the option to vote for who's on the nice / naughty list.


### Other
The nether is now also a winter (not-so)wonderland.
Removed nether fog.
Retextured nether gold ore and quartz.

### Configs:
'nice_life_less_snow' Client side config. Default value is true.
'snow_when_not_in_session' Nice Life config. Default value is false.
'snow_layer_increment_delay' Nice Life config. Default value is 600 seconds.
'advance_time_not_in_session' Nice Life config. Default value is false.
'snowy_nether' Nice Life config. Default value is true.
'trivia_question_time' Nice Life config. Default value is 68 seconds.
'voting_time' Nice Life config. Default value is 60 seconds.
'nice_list_chance' Nice Life config. Default value is 50%.
'bot_can_break_beds' Nice Life config. Default value is true.
'bot_breaking_blocks_drop_resources' Nice Life config. Default value is true.
'allow_reds_on_naughty_list' Nice Life config. Default value is false.
'naughty_list_players' Nice Life config. Default value is 3.
'nice_list_players' Nice Life config. Default value is 3.
