Available commands no longer show an empty '/'
Fixed a typo.
Removed the [new] tags from the 1.5.1 configs.

----------

The notifications when you start Trivia now shows properly.
Fixed a typo.
Red winter no longer triggers when all the players have unassigned lives.

----------

Randomizing lives in Double Life now properly respects soulmates having equal lives.
Switching out of Nice Life will now clear the weather.

----------

Added the 'lives_randomize_time' global config. Default value is 1 minute, except in Double Life where it is 1:15 so that it happens after soulmates rolling.
Added the 'soulmates_assign_time' Double Life config. Default value is 1 minute.
The minute config entries no longer get rounded down to the closest integer value. oops....

----------

Relogging while being a Zombie in Wild Life no longer puts you into spectator mode.

----------

Changing health in secret life while the 'only_lose_hearts_in_session' config is set to true and the session is off is now possible.
Adding a subin or using lifeskins username change now properly reloads snail skins while the wildcard is active, without having to reload.

----------

You can now edit the config via commands, using '/lifeseries config set ⟨key⟩ ⟨value⟩'. This does not have any error checking or type checking. If you put in an invalid value (like a non-number for an integer entry), the config will store it anyway (but will use the DEFAULT instead).

----------

The session transcript now shows time instead of lives in Limited Life.
The session transcript now tracks session starting and ending lives for all players.

----------

Added the 'lives_life_diff_message', which shows life loss / gain amounts behind player names in death messages. It also shows Secret Life heart gain. Default value is false.

----------

Added the 'soulbound_lives' Double Life config. Default value is true.
Worlds created with the Life Series mod installed no longer show the load warning the next time you try to load them.

----------

The soulmate death message has been added to Modifiable Texts.
Using /damage with the soulmate damage now shows proper death message types.

----------

Added the '/snail control spawn ⟨player⟩' command, which allows you to spawn snails for players even when the Snails wildcard is not active.
Added the '/snail control prevent ⟨player⟩' command, which allows you to prevent snails spawning for specific players.
For more info about the snail control command, [read here](/commands/detailed/snail.html#snail-control)
Renamed '/trivia bot spawnFor' to '/trivia bot spawn'.

----------

Added an event for possible unjustified kills.
Added more snow-replaceable blocks in Nice Life.

----------

Added Life Skins, which allow you to automatically change your skin based on the number of lives you're on, without having to relog or relaunch the game.
[Read more here.](/features/lifeskins)

----------
