Watchers can no longer receive lives from the /givelife command.
If the nice list winner dies during the life gifting they no longer glitch out.
Angry snowmen now have more health.
Hopefully fixed an issue with players getting stuck in the empty sleep screen.

----------

Entering the nice life sleep screen now puts you into first-person perspective if you were not in it.
Dying right before getting put on the naughty list now respects reds not being able to be there.

----------

Microphone muting while in Nice Life trivia now works correctly with the push-to-talk mic setting.
Life gain settings in double life now properly sync lives.

----------

Fixed some bugs with Replay Mod and Flashback.
The reload logic no longer triggers when the mod is disabled.
Changing gamerules while the mod is disabled now works properly.

----------

Added customizability for registry override conditions.

----------

Opening a singleplayer world with this mod for the first time now gives a warning that it will modify stuff.
Added the `/lifeskins` command. [Read more](/commands/detailed/lifeskins)

----------

Subbing in now changes your skin and username to match the person you are subbing in for.
Added the 'subin_change_skin' global config. Default value is true.
Added the 'subin_change_username' global config. Default value is true.

----------

Added the 'worldborder_outside_teleport' global config. Default value is true.
You can now use '/ls' as an equivalent of '/lifeseries'.

----------

Added the 'session_start_countdown' global config. Default value is false.
You can now randomize lives in any season.
Added the following global configs: 'lives_randomize', 'lives_randomize_min', 'lives_randomize_max'.

----------

You can now clamp enchantments to specific levels (1-4) via the config.

----------

1.20.3 no longer crashes on world selection.
Fixed scrolling issues in 1.20 and 1.20.2 in the config gui.

----------

You can now modify Secret Life tasks through the config - under seasons specific settings, there is the Tasks category.
You can now modify Trivia questions through the config.

----------

Added the 'boogeyman_locator_bar' global config. Default value is false.
You can no longer see your soulmate if vanilla circumstances don't allow it when locator bar setting is turned on in Double Life.

----------

Renamed the config 'wildcard_superpowers_zombies_lose_items' to 'wildcard_superpowers_zombies_first_spawn_clear_items'.
Added the 'wildcard_superpowers_zombies_keep_inventory' Wild Life config. Default value is true.
Wild Life zombies now have their own team they are on, so you can change the team color.
The default team color for zombies is now gray instead of dark gray, as dead players are.

----------

Heart gain titles in secret life no longer show decimals unless necessary.
Some mobs no longer survive after mob swap ends.

----------

Some default teams no longer have the 'see invisible friendly players' setting on by default.
The triple jump power now also checks via packets whether it is active.