Added the 'red_winter' Nice Life config. Default value is true.
Added an event for when the red winter triggers.

----------

Added the 'wildcard_snails_per_player' Wild Life config, which controls how many snails chase each player. Default value is 1.
Snails drowning players now works once again.

----------

Colored hearts now work properly with the AppleSkin mod.

----------

Wildcard activate title text is now modifiable.
Added the '/wildcard effect activate' command, which shows the dots and the cryptic title.

----------

Life Skins now changes the skin everywhere (tab list, nice life voting etc.)

----------

Improved the secret life task sounds.
Improved the past life society sounds.
Added specific sounds for secret life task fail and reroll.

----------

The Session scoreboard now has a 'Season' score based on the season you are playing.
Searching in the Config now keeps group topology if two or more entries are on the same level in the same group.

----------

The trivia bot now automatically opens its GUI after standing near you for long enough, or after existing for over 2 minutes.
Trivia questions for nice and wild life now get trimmed.

----------

You can no longer combine items with the NoModifications nbt in the grindstone, also added the new NoStonecutter nbt.
You can no longer craft items in the auto-crafter with the NoModifications or NoCrafting nbts.

----------

Not displaying levels on clamped enchantments is now only handled client-side with the mod installed. This has the benefit of showing the level on non-clamped enchants.

----------

Astral projection now gets cancelled if the projecting players' lives change.
Added the 'wildcard_callback_initial_activation_interval' Wild Life config. Default value is 300 seconds.

----------

Added the 'wildcard_timedilation_start_rain' Wild Life config. Default value is true.
After '/lives remove ..' you can now specify 'advancedDeath' to remove the lives via advanced deaths.

----------

You can now modify the cooldowns of all superpowers in the config.

----------

Added the following superpower configs:

- `wildcard_superpowers_time_dilation_tick_rate` = 4
- `wildcard_superpowers_time_dilation_duration` = 70
- `wildcard_superpowers_creaking_amount` = 3
- `wildcard_superpowers_creaking_particles` = true
- `wildcard_superpowers_wind_charge_explosion_power` = 3.0
- `wildcard_superpowers_astral_projection_damage_cancels` = true
- `wildcard_superpowers_super_punch_thorns_damage` = 1.0
- `wildcard_superpowers_super_punch_knockback_strength` = 3.0
- `wildcard_superpowers_player_disguise_damage_cancels` = true
- `wildcard_superpowers_animal_disguise_damage_cancels` = true
- `wildcard_superpowers_teleportation_swap_distance` = 100
- `wildcard_superpowers_teleportation_tp_distance` = 100
- `wildcard_superpowers_shadow_play_blind_range` = 10
- `wildcard_superpowers_shadow_play_blind_time` = 5s
- `wildcard_superpowers_flight_jump_amplifier` = 54
- `wildcard_superpowers_flight_elytra_launch_needed` = true
- `wildcard_superpowers_invisibility_damage_cancels` = true
- `wildcard_superpowers_invisibility_attack_cancels` = true
- `wildcard_superpowers_invisibility_show_particles` = true
- `wildcard_superpowers_superspeed_target_speed` = 0.35
- `wildcard_superpowers_superspeed_frost_walker_level` = 5
- `wildcard_superpowers_superspeed_hunger_level` = 5
- `wildcard_superpowers_triple_jump_jumps` = 3
