Added the 'secret_society_advanced_deaths' global config. Default value is false.
Renamed the select seasons 'April Fools Seasons button to 'Specials'

----------

'/lifeskins reload' can now optionally also accept a player/s argument.
Manually setting skins with '/lifeskins modify skin' will now always override life skins and take higher priority.
Life Skins can now ACTUALLY pick the skin with < the amount of lives you have, instead of throwing an error.

----------

Life Skins list now properly sorts null skin entries.
Life Skins list now shows when skins are slim.

----------

Claimkills now count towards the session transcript kill stats.
Queued advanced deaths now get removed if switching out of the season.

----------

Final death messages in Double Life now get combined into one, ex. 'Grian & Mumbo ran out of lives.'
Added the 'lives_lose_kills_only' global config, which makes players not lose lives from natural deaths (only PvP kills). Default value is false.

----------

Added events for soulmate roll starting, soulmate set and soulmate remove.

----------

You can now modify events via commands, using '/ls config setEvent ⟨key⟩ ⟨canceled⟩ ⟨command⟩'.
Added the '/superpower cooldown ..' command, which allows you to get or set the superpower cooldown of any player.

----------

Added the 'wildcard_snails_red_lives' Wild Life config. Default value is true.

----------

Secret life gain and lose hearts modifiable texts have been split into two.
Secret life gain hearts text is now green colored once again.
Secret life lose hearts text no longer shows '+- ..'

----------

The locator bar is no longer always off.
Fixed a command permission issue.

----------

Hopefully fixed issues with skin changing on other systems.

----------

Colored hearts now show the correct color when subbing in.
The game no longer crashes if too many players join in the same tick.
Life skins no longer sometimes mismatch skins to players when there are a lot of requests at once.

----------

Fully reworked the life skins system.
Life skins are now client side required.
Removed the targeted life skins reload, as it is no longer necessary
Life skin file names can now also have a specific team name instead of just a number, to set a skin for that team.